hey what's up guys it's scarce here what
you're about to watch is my best clip
ever yes this is definitely one of my
best Clips ever even though it may not
be as good to some of you guys I'm a
leader so obviously my standards are
much much lower I've been on a dry
streak for I think around two years now
I haven't had any good clips that amount
of time but I finally was able to hit a
two piece tomahawk and freefall I will
not spoil the complete clip for you guys
you have to watch it right after this
it's so sick and I know I'm gonna
overreact a little bit but trust me guys
like I've been trying to hit a good clip
in freefall for probably two months and
it just has not been working out for me
and it finally happened I was so excited
and I went the Twitter and stuff about
it you guys will see later on and then I
have a little thing that happened
afterwards that you guys should
definitely check out so yeah just watch
the whole video if you did enjoy it
leave a like it means quite a bit I'm
just super super pumped right now that I
got that clip and hopefully I could be
in like an OBE $18.00 or something I
don't know if it will be good enough but
that would be sick and definitely leave
a comment down below if you like the
clip I'll see you guys later peace
Oh oh my god oh my fucking god no oh my
god no let's fucking go dude no way dude
I need a two-piece fuck yeah my first
ever two-piece in history holy shit
yo guys I think I'm gonna head out all
right that was good talking to you guys
now it'll be in my video for tonight for
you guys your videos yeah really
and I'm yeah oh my god dude yes oh my
god
oh my god thank you I do oh do I love
you thank so much love you too dude I'm
gonna go right
[Music]
oh I'm so happy holy fuck